At this point, we have attachment controller, we have end point defining new or page for adding a
new file upload here and now we are supposed to create an endpoint for processing that file upload.
So in the browser we are able to select the file.
Right now we are able to submit that, but we have to create an endpoint for processing that file being
submitted.
So let's create a new endpoint method we have, let's name it a handle file upload.
We provide one parameter here of type of file, multipart file, name it, file one and finish a basic
method infrastructure.
So we have to return a string.
Let's return empty string for now and to we provide a post mapping annotation here we have a get mapping
for getting empty form for selecting file upload and we have a post mapping for posting information
or processing information posted back to our backend.
We have a multiple file here parameter and we we specify it as a request param.
We have a name file one.
This is how we name it in HTML.
So if we look at to HTML, we can see that ID or name is file one.
So we we use the naming, the same naming and that handle method, and we can use our attachment, service
and store in grid as a method here.
And we can see we have a storing grid of s just for multipart file so we can use it directly in our
controller and save the file in grid divested way.
So it looks like very easy we can as a return value for from our end point we define kind of redirection.
So we after successful posting data we redirect user back to new file upload page.
So we use this redirect at a as we have defined in request mapping.
So this is almost all we need in controller.
It would be quite useful to return back something to the user about that file upload like information
that upload was successful.
So for that purpose we use redirect attributes, attribute object.
It's it's supposed to be provided by a springboard itself.
And this is kind of a map like structure.
We, we add a flash attribute here with the name, a message and we provide information file.
The file upload was successful.
So we have this file uploaded and we get original file name from the multipart file object here and
we have to present that information to the user.
So this, this message is or this tax is under the message key in the flash attributes.
And we have to add that information into HTML if available so we can create that a def at the beginning
of the form.
We have some chime leave related attributes like a condition if a message exist or message variable
exist in the context provided to time leave.
So if this exists, just show up that on the screen.
So we have that another time leave specific attribute here showing up the message and enter def is using
alert class coming from the bootstrap so that there is supposed to be some design on the screen coming
from the bootstrap CSS.
So let's take a look into the database.
We have a full stack, spring boot.
We can see there is no collection yet.
So MongoDB database is actually completely empty right now.
We can start the application.
So our application should connect to MongoDB.
We can refresh the page, we can select the file here on the screen.
So select the one of files we have and we do a submit here and we can see the message file uploaded
with the name of the file we just uploaded.
So at least from that point of view, everything.
Work as expected or as defined in the code.
And we can take a look into MongoDB into collect collection store and we can see we have a kind of a
file system collection if asked, files in chunks and we can show up as the files and we can see we
have the file object with some attributes we've provided.
We have the ID and we have a file name, file size and upload date available.
And we have even the metadata structure here.
And so we have those information about the file type.
For example, this is an image PNG G and yeah, we can see if things are working correctly so we can
see the file being saved into MongoDB collection.
Here and it's very easy to review from MongoDB point of view.
Yeah.
So let's restart application.
With the border enabled.
So we are using Intel DJ I.D. here.
So we start an application with the Badger.
Let's put some breakpoints here in application so we can track how information is coming into our control.
It will be quite useful, I think.
So let's select another image and submit and let's check the voucher which is activated in our ID.
We can see the line, just the first line in controller and we can see we have that multipart file object
filled with the data coming from the browser.
So we have a bunch of useful informations here and we can use that for.
And we use that object for storing in graves our attachment service.
So it's very easy to handle in control though.
We have just sort of two or three lines, which is a storing file, putting flash information back to
the browser and returning redirect to the user.
So very easy to understand and very easy to write down such kind of code.